The update dialog is not shown after interrupting downloading (#1396)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Crashes

* **[Fix]** Remove the multiple attachments warning as that is now supported by the portal.

> * **[Fix]** Fix checking for updates after disabling the Distribute module while downloading the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### App Center Distribute

* **[Fix]** Fix checking for updates after disabling the Distribute module while downloading the release.
```

* **[Feature]** Add a `disableAutomaticCheckForUpdate` API that needs to be called before SDK start in order to turn off automatic check for update. 
* **[Feature]** Add a `checkForUpdate` API to manually check for update.
* **[Fix]** Fix not checking updates on public track if it was ignored on error while initializing in-app update for private track.

> * **[Fix]** Fix checking updates after disabling the Distribute module during downloading the release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix checking for updates after disabling the Distribute module while downloading the release.
```

Reviewer 2: Wrong version section.
